Add DQL guide (#5684)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/full-text/query-string.md

    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

> 1. In the Discover or Dashboard app of OpenSearch Dashboards, if you turn off DQL, as shown in the following image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the OpenSearch Dashboards Discover or Dashboard apps, if you turn off DQL, as shown in the following image.
```

  ![Using query string syntax in OpenSearch Dashboards Discover]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/discover-lucene-syntax.png)
  

>   DQL and Query string query (Lucene) language are the two language options for the search bar in Discover and Dashboards. To compare these language options, see [Discover and Dashboard search bar]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/index/#discover-and-dashboard-search-bar).

Reviewer: I would switch the order of the languages so that you don't have the capitalization in the middle of the sentence.

>   DQL and Query string query (Lucene) language are the two language options for the search bar in Discover and Dashboards. To compare these language options, see [Discover and Dashboard search bar]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/index/#discover-and-dashboard-search-bar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  DQL and Query string query (Lucene) language are the two search bar language options in Discover and Dashboards. To compare these language options, see [Discover and Dashboard search bar]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/index/#discover-and-dashboard-search-bar).
```
